[Sings] Da da da da da da da da! Hi,
guys, what's next? What do you guys want to do next?
So Blender Resources, what's out
there for you guys? Well Recommended Hardware! If I've not mentioned
it enough already, but I do recommend you go and get yourself a 3
Buttoned Mouse. Even though you can use Blender with lots of other
control surfaces, I do still think that's the best. And a Full Size Keyboard with
that number pad on the side can be a god send, especially when you're working
from multiple angles with a model. So Recommended Reading!
We've got these Blender shortcut keys here. These are all linked, by
the way, you can go straight to the lecture notes
earlier on in the section and download this and you can
even view it on there and click these links to guide you through. So we've got an excellent
shortcut keys, a full print out that you can have,
and then, we've got a book. We've looked around at different
books. If some of you love learning from books, then we've got this
"Learning Blender" by Oliver Villar, and you can go get that over on
Amazon or a good book store.
Example Blend Files! So some of you guys will want to know more about
you know more inspiration, actually see the detail that's involved in other .blend files.
Well we've got Blend Swap, it's a wonderful place where
you can go and get 3D models from. Do bear in mind
that each model that's listed on there will have a
certain licensing agreement. So don't just go and steal their stuff,
make sure you adhere to the person who's created it license agreement. Some of them will
say cool, just use this for whatever you want without citation
and everything else. Some people will want full credit-ation for it,
etc., and we don't want you guys getting into some sort of legal mess. And on the
Blender website itself they have some Blender demo files, which are great
to check out and see what's going on. OK
that's it for now! Take care guys!